hello my good i'm glad
greet you on your channel and
Today I want to tell you about the updates
which I saw in the faberlik catalog
updates in October but also understand that
it's not even new
updated old collection this
a collection of secretaries she's made very
interesting to me very interesting
design performance is not nice to keep
cosmetics in such a package in their hands
unpleasant and very enjoy that
concerns its internal properties let's
I'll tell you something now.
First, I ordered myself such
foundation double agent here
cargo on the mountain is double tonal here
cream and here bases on the one hand can
It seems that it is not very convenient
because the color of this foundation
just one that is a shade of everything
only one but I have been before
so I sometimes use this principle
the color minimum fits more or less i
I would not put a base on my face first
very pleasant
really holds makeup well
more foundation on the face or in the
principle here you can mix the base and
concealer to get such
shade but i can't say he is there
much tones of it will be brighter that
It turned out such a topic that fits
your skin can principle them
use and so mixing base and
respectively foundation here
very large packaging for quality
Coverage required quite a bit
literally there scold three peas
so I think this cream is enough
Economical I want to say that he is fat
too heavy therefore not always you want
I always powder him and
as for me I tried to put it
brushes
brush she badly leaves stains
so I like to put it on
fingers and
I will say that the texture is quite difficult
so if you like light textures
probably this foundation is not for you
yes and what I ordered the secretaries is this
such a triple say so too
multifunctional triple corrector
actually here here is solid
corrector is here i think
less called concealer and now with this
sides here is such a ball
I think for better distribution
applying actually concealer
under the eyes for example if we talk about here
This one is a corrector, then it is enough, but in
principle not bad masks well but
color for example it does not suit me because
that he lies on my face here this one
concealer I liked a lot more I
I basically use it not only under
the eye and even the problem areas
locally the fact is that it is not like
ordinary concealer that is not so
vadim him denis you are not very liquid
fairly thick cover of the well
dark circles under the eyes
if we talk about this video here
in fact, I did not use it
because I 'm not very comfortable and rather
just if someone does not have a cream
for eyelids with a roller can be applied cream and
use this video to
make a massage probably like this
there is more such a fit
but basically by itself here
proofreader is not a bad one of all these
three things I liked most
concealer yes and I will tell you from the heart
the mascara is very interesting too so carved
here are looking pink some
items but very interesting packaging
beautiful and mascara if talking about her
quality by its properties, it is by the way
super volume gives a big volume but I
I would not say that it gives a big
volume in principle is mascara very
delicate looks good in the afternoon because
what does she share eyelashes
some long does not make them but such
easy light gives volume for example
to do makeup for the evening then at night I
I prefer another one to my eyelashes
were more such theatrical here
eyelashes becomes more or less
natural more gadget alive
well painted my lumps she doesn't
leaves cilia well shared i
I think it would not be superfluous to add it
also hypoallergenic following what you
I want to show it
baked eye shadow
I do not remember the name right now but
I will definitely write in the description under this
video of course I liked the packaging
I liked the design and colors here
very rich with good
amenable to shading
I naturally do not use the applicator
shadows by the way, you can use dry and
wet way they have silk texture
they stand and grab them probably until
I still have a couple of things in the evening
first it is such a powder which is also
can be worn dry and wet
i don't really like it because
it is applied unevenly in my opinion
she light creates a light veil on her face
I liked that it does not weigh down
the face does not make the mask only here
it is not difficult enough with this sponge
put this tunnel
this powder on my face and so i'm here
how do i use the brush now
adjusted under the erased letters
a small brush for all
put it on face
powder holds makeup well and in principle
I can say they are not bad
I would probably give her four from
five because i start i don't know very much
as if low, I would even say high but
I will not say that it works on
its price because not not something
special good just powder for the face
and the last one is very me
also liked the design and its
qualities and properties of this lipstick I do not
I also remember her name, too , but secretaries
I have her 47 19 number I will
I leave in the description below this I chose
specially such a shade is enough
delicate tender pink slightly peach
lipstick feels good on lips
it is not applied in a thick layer
and a thin layer, it does not numb
there is a very even color applied
very nice and lately i
really her very very often
I use it very often I scour my own
bags these were all products so
let's say the news of october which about which
I wanted to tell you
thank you so much for watching and
good for both good mood and
see you next video
and